README.md, before:

# PureScript Maps Eager

Eagerly evaluated functions for Maps.

## Status

| Source     | Shields                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Project    | ![latest_release] ![license] ![line_count] ![language_count]  |
| Health     | ![documentation] ![review_action] ![codacy_quality]           |
| Repository | ![open_issues] ![closed_issues] ![open_pulls] ![closed_pulls] |
| Activity   | ![contributors] ![monthly_commits] ![last_commit]             |

## Installation

```bash
bower install purescript-maps-eager
```

## Usage

Given a `Map`:

```purs
map :: Map String Int
map = fromFoldable [ Tuple "a" 1 , Tuple "b" 2 , Tuple "c" 3]
```

Often we want to iterate over the keys and values. This package provides functions that return the keys and values in an `Array`.

```purs
> keys map
[ "a", "b", "c" ]

> values map
[ 1, 2, 3 ]
```

Also given a value you can search for matching keys:

```purs
reverseLookup 3
> Just "c"

reverseLookupAll 3
> ["c"]
```

## Tests

To run tests:

```bash
pulp test
```

## Documentation

This repository's documentation is hosted on [Pursuit](https://pursuit.purescript.org/packages/purescript-maps-eager).

## Linters

To run linters:

```bash
nps lint
```

## Formatters

To run formatters:

```bash
nps format
```

## Continuous integration

This repository uses GitHub Actions to lint and test each commit. Each commit should be formatted and its corresponding documentation should be updated.

## Versioning

This repository adheres to semantic versioning standards. For more information on semantic versioning visit [semver](https://semver.org).

Bump2version is used to version and tag changes. For example:

```bash
bump2version patch
```

## Changelog

Please read this repository's [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for details on changes that have been made.

## Contributing

Please read this repository's guidelines on [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on the process for submitting pull requests. Moreover, our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) declares our collaboration standards.

## Contributors

- [Joel Lefkowitz](https://github.com/joellefkowitz) - Initial work

## Remarks

Lots of love to the open source community!

<p align='center'>
    <img width=200 height=200 src='https://media.giphy.com/media/osAcIGTSyeovPq6Xph/giphy.gif' alt='Be kind to your mind' />
    <img width=200 height=200 src='https://media.giphy.com/media/KEAAbQ5clGWJwuJuZB/giphy.gif' alt='Love each other' />
    <img width=200 height=200 src='https://media.giphy.com/media/WRWykrFkxJA6JJuTvc/giphy.gif' alt="It's ok to have a bad day" />
</p>

[latest_release]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Latest release"
[license]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "License"
[line_count]: https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Line count"
[language_count]: https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Language count"
[documentation]: https://pursuit.purescript.org/packages/purescript-maps-eager/badge "Documentation"
[review_action]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/JoelLefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager/review.yml "Review action"
[codacy_quality]: https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/a2905892096944d49fde47dbfcb2d503 "Codacy quality"
[open_issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Open issues"
[closed_issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Closed issues"
[open_pulls]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Open pull requests"
[closed_pulls]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Closed pull requests"
[contributors]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Contributors"
[monthly_commits]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Monthly commits"
[last_commit]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Last commit"

Commit message:

Add docs generation commands to README.md

README.md, after:

# PureScript Maps Eager

Eagerly evaluated functions for Maps.

## Status

| Source     | Shields                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Project    | ![latest_release] ![license] ![line_count] ![language_count]  |
| Health     | ![documentation] ![review_action] ![codacy_quality]           |
| Repository | ![open_issues] ![closed_issues] ![open_pulls] ![closed_pulls] |
| Activity   | ![contributors] ![monthly_commits] ![last_commit]             |

## Installation

```bash
bower install purescript-maps-eager
```

## Usage

Given a `Map`:

```purs
map :: Map String Int
map = fromFoldable [ Tuple "a" 1 , Tuple "b" 2 , Tuple "c" 3]
```

Often we want to iterate over the keys and values. This package provides functions that return the keys and values in an `Array`.

```purs
> keys map
[ "a", "b", "c" ]

> values map
[ 1, 2, 3 ]
```

Also given a value you can search for matching keys:

```purs
reverseLookup 3
> Just "c"

reverseLookupAll 3
> ["c"]
```

## Tests

To run tests:

```bash
pulp test
```

## Documentation

This repository's documentation is hosted on [Pursuit](https://pursuit.purescript.org/packages/purescript-maps-eager).

To generate the documentation locally:

```bash
pulp docs
```

## Linters

To run linters:

```bash
nps lint
```

## Formatters

To run formatters:

```bash
nps format
```

## Continuous integration

This repository uses GitHub Actions to lint and test each commit. Each commit should be formatted and its corresponding documentation should be updated.

## Versioning

This repository adheres to semantic versioning standards. For more information on semantic versioning visit [semver](https://semver.org).

Bump2version is used to version and tag changes. For example:

```bash
bump2version patch
```

## Changelog

Please read this repository's [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for details on changes that have been made.

## Contributing

Please read this repository's guidelines on [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on the process for submitting pull requests. Moreover, our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) declares our collaboration standards.

## Contributors

- [Joel Lefkowitz](https://github.com/joellefkowitz) - Initial work

## Remarks

Lots of love to the open source community!

<p align='center'>
    <img width=200 height=200 src='https://media.giphy.com/media/osAcIGTSyeovPq6Xph/giphy.gif' alt='Be kind to your mind' />
    <img width=200 height=200 src='https://media.giphy.com/media/KEAAbQ5clGWJwuJuZB/giphy.gif' alt='Love each other' />
    <img width=200 height=200 src='https://media.giphy.com/media/WRWykrFkxJA6JJuTvc/giphy.gif' alt="It's ok to have a bad day" />
</p>

[latest_release]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Latest release"
[license]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "License"
[line_count]: https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Line count"
[language_count]: https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Language count"
[documentation]: https://pursuit.purescript.org/packages/purescript-maps-eager/badge "Documentation"
[review_action]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/JoelLefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager/review.yml "Review action"
[codacy_quality]: https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/a2905892096944d49fde47dbfcb2d503 "Codacy quality"
[open_issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Open issues"
[closed_issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Closed issues"
[open_pulls]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Open pull requests"
[closed_pulls]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Closed pull requests"
[contributors]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Contributors"
[monthly_commits]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Monthly commits"
[last_commit]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/joellefkowitz/purescript-maps-eager "Last commit"
